[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
so today i checked out no time to die
the final installment in daniel craig's
james bond story and in this video i
will be giving my spoiler review of the
film so if you don't want to know what
happens i would recommend watching this
video after you have seen the film
so to those of you who are still here
let's get on with the review no time to
die is a difficult film to review for me
it has so many great things about it but
also there are some things that i didn't
enjoy that's not to say i didn't like
the film because i really liked this
film but there were a couple of things
that didn't work for me or things that i
think didn't need to be there so i will
start with the things i did enjoy and
then move on to what i didn't like and
then i'll do an overall evaluation of
the movie at the end of the video so the
things i liked firstly the music now
when i heard that han zimmer was going
to be the composer on this film i was so
excited to hear what he had in store for
us and he didn't disappoint
not only did he put his subtle twist on
the classic james bond theme but he also
added his own pieces of music that
really did work for the film it made the
final 10 minutes so much more emotional
for me which i will talk about in more
detail later on i thought billy eilish
did a good job with her song for no time
to die when i heard sam smith's song for
spectre i thought it was okay but when i
listened to it in the film i thought his
song sounded so much better and that was
the same for this film because you hear
it around 20 minutes into the film which
allows the lyrics to make more sense as
we are giving context as to what they
mean speaking of the opening 20 minutes
i thought it was a perfect beginning to
a bond film we had character development
and action blended brilliantly together
which i think the daniel craig bond
series has nailed every beginning to his
bond films are brilliant i thought yet
again daniel craig did a fantastic job
and for me is definitely the best bond
as of yet
the rest of the returning cast did a
great job too and you could easily watch
spectre and then no time to die and not
feel like they have been filmed four
years apart because all the characters
feel in sync with the previous film and
the chemistry they had between the
characters was still there
i thought anna de armas did a great job
as a new spy who just started her career
she was funny but also a great fighter
who didn't have to rely on bonds to save
her the new double 07 was an interesting
character for me
i started the film not liking her at all
because she had taken bond's role as
double 07 and anyone who is a fan of
james bond knows there can only be 1007
and that is james bond but my respect
grew for her as the film went on which
is always a great sign because it means
the story has allowed me to connect to
her more i like that she gave the 007
title back to bond which is something i
think we were all waiting and hoping for
and it was nice to see both spies
teaming up to take down the villains the
car chases were phenomenal and they
always seemed to be able to add
something new to make the chasers feel
refreshing as well as the stunts that
kept me on the edge of my seat
especially in the opening 20 minutes of
the film the cinematography was good too
i thought there were a couple of
fantastic shots in the movie but i
wouldn't say it was better than previous
bond films
i'll come back to the final 10 minutes
of the film which was heartbreaking
seeing a wounded and poisoned bond
struggling to climb the ladder whilst
talking to madelaine and then both
accepting that he wasn't going to make
it along with zimmer's emotional score
was heartbreaking but even then i think
it was the right thing to do
i think it was important for the cast
and the audience to say goodbye to
daniel craig's james bond
and i think they did it in the best way
possible he saved the world and the
woman he loved along with his daughter
it was painful to watch but it was the
right way and the right reason to go now
on to the things that i didn't like the
first ramy malik's character now i don't
have any problem with him as an actor or
his acting in this film but we didn't
see much of him in this movie so i
couldn't really connect to the character
i would have much preferred to see him a
lot more throughout the film to make the
final fight more powerful
he wasn't that intimidating either and i
think he is one of the weakest villains
in the bond series during the fight
sequences there were many times where i
couldn't really keep track of what was
happening because they were using a
handheld camera which caused shaky
camera work now i know that gives it
more of a grounded feel but i could
barely focus on one thing when
characters were fighting
it worked at some point but in most it
didn't i also didn't like the pacing of
the film
the first 20 minutes were great but then
it started to drag a bit around the one
hour mark
i wanted character development and for
the story to evolve but it was too slow
for me
i think they could have cut the film
down by about 15 to 20 minutes and it
would have improved the overall viewing
experience
one personal thing that isn't a
criticism of the film but the trailers
is that every money shots were in the
trailers i genuinely don't think there
was one money shot that wasn't in a
trailer now i know if you don't want the
film to be spoiled then don't watch all
the trailers and the fact that the film
was delayed by a year so they had to
create more trailers to keep the hype up
so it was most likely my fault for not
being amazed by all the money shots
because i had seen them all in the
trailers but i do feel like movies in
general show too much in the trailers
however there was one shot that still
gave me goosebumps and that was when
bond swiveled round the corner and shot
a bad guy it was the iconic shot from
every opening bond logo and they managed
to fit it perfectly into the film i was
so absorbed by the scene that i didn't
expect to see that actually appear in
the film so when i saw it i had a huge
grin on my face especially with the bond
theme playing in the background so
overall i thought this was a very good
movie i do think it was overhyped just
like a lot of recent movies have been
but that is most likely due to people's
excitement of being back in the cinema
exaggerating their judgment of the film
but i do think this was a very good
movie so i would give it an eight and a
half out of ten
make sure to let me know what you
thought of no time today in the comments
below
with rumors already circulating about
who the next james bond will be make
sure to let me know who has your vote as
the next james bond my vote is henry
cavill because when i saw him in man
from uncle i thought he was a great spy
and i think he could definitely be the
next james bond so make sure to let me
know who you think should be the next
james bond in the comments below
i just wanted to say thank you for all
the support i've been getting recently
in the past two weeks we've had 1 000
new people subscribed to the channel and
the engagement of my videos have been
incredible
so thank you to all of you who have
engaged with my videos by commenting and
subscribing i love hearing all your
thoughts about the topics i talk about
in my videos so to see so many of you
commenting and being engaged with the
channel is amazing but that is all for
today's video thank you so much for
watching please make sure to like and
subscribe and turn on post notifications
so you never miss a video i hope to see
you here again soon so until then have a
great day bye
[Music]
you